Resource user condition (#490)
permitio/docs: docs/how-to/build-policies/abac/building-abac-policy.mdx

![Resource Set Example](/img/abac/resource-set-1.png)

> ### Compare Resource and User Attributes

Reviewer: Just a little wording change:

Sometimes, you may want to create conditions that compare resources with user attributes, such as matching a resource's risk score to a user's risk score. In Permit, this can be achieved using the `(ref)` operators. Here's an example of such a condition:

Author: Done

> In some cases, you'd like to create conditions that compare resource and user attributes, such as comparing a resource and user risk score. This comparison is available in Permit using the `(ref)` operators. Here's an example of such a condition:

Author: ```suggestion
Sometimes, you may want to create conditions that compare resources with user attributes, such as matching a resource's risk score to a user's risk score. In Permit, this can be achieved using the `(ref)` operators. Here's an example of such a condition:
```
